feat: add information about good first issues (#2575)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/github/github.md

## GitHub Pages

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) is a service offered by GH for hosting static websites for free with an unlimited amount of visits. It automatically has encryption with [HTTPS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/http). GitHub Pages also supports custom domains.

## Good First Issue

> [Good First Issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/using-labels-and-milestones-to-track-work/managing-labels) is a label open source maintainers used on GitHub to categorize issues that are intended for people who has either never made an open source contribution before or is new to their project. It also signifies to maintainers that extra assistance is needed when reviewing a new contributor's pull request whether it's introducing the contributing guidelines, providing in-line comments on lines of code that needs revision. Good First Issue is also list of repositores that contain beginner-level issues the [topics section of GitHub](https://github.com/topics/good-first-issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
["Good First Issue"](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/using-labels-and-milestones-to-track-work/managing-labels) is a label open source maintainers used on GitHub to categorize issues that are intended for people who have either never made an open source contribution before or are new to their project. It also signifies to maintainers that extra assistance is needed when reviewing a new contributor's pull request, whether it's introducing the contributing guidelines or providing in-line comments on lines of code that need revision. "Good First Issue" is also a list of repositories that contain beginner-level issues in the [topics section of GitHub](https://github.com/topics/good-first-issue).
```
